hi today I'll be showing our new
movement model and how you can use a
template to generate some animations so
I got here a animation made by raymon
slitter and he got a great tutorial I
will link it in the description for how
to create pixelart
animations I'm going to use this as a
reference uh
so this is what it looks
like and I'm going to take this
character that I
generated and uh use this animation to
uh create my
movement so what I will start off by
doing
is create a character description that
fits my
character uh human man with
a yellow
row and the animation is running so I'm
going to select run uh it's a side the
view is
side and uh he running to the
East
and a view side means that it's from the
side low top down is roughly 30 to
45° and high top down is between 4 5 and
60° uh for this I'll be using init
images to show the model uh the movement
what's happening and I'll also be using
using have to use the in painting and in
this case I'm just going
to in painting all of
it oh yeah before I get started to help
the
model I need to uh change the colors of
the character so that it fits this fits
my character so it's easier for the
model to understand what is what so for
this I'm just going
to just going to change the color of
everything so that it's
uh more similar
to what the
model will
see
he has a r I'm just's going to do it
like
that uh the up part is more
yellow then we have the
shoes just going
to fix
that probably is you just go through
like this
instead
then the model will
uh take care of the uh finer
Parts I might actually want to do
something like this
instead just so it's a bit clear what is
arms and what is
um uh what is the
cloak something like that
maybe
something like
this probably do something like
that if you don't do this it's uh quite
it's quite possible that the model will
be quite confused by the the colors that
doesn't exist in the uh original image
that we're working
from and
um yeah I mean maybe we could even just
copy
paste
this into the image
instead you don't really need to be
um too perfect when doing
this but the better the better in it
image you have the more likely the model
will uh do uh good stuff in instead of
bad
stuff
okay this should be
fine so
yeah I'm going to lower the inet
strength a bit yes so that the model can
do more of more stuff that they want
that it wants to do in instead of uh
following the inner image so I'm going
to try out let's say we can start off
with
100 and here you have um like which
layer you wanted to generate into so
let's say yeah let's let's select out
the current layer so it will generate
into these images directly
which should be fine in this
case
so
yeah I'm going to select the layer that
I'm going to I want the new layer just
so that we can
um look at the before and after so we
can see what's been done and
how the model
performed so you can kind of compare
here so here it generated pretty
well and
[Music]
here almost and in this case uh not not
really really so what we can do is we
can uh discard Our
Generation and then we can try again but
with a bit higher in it image
strength
okay let's try it a bit
higher
quite
nice then we have the next one pretty
good and the last one also quite nice
not all a bit of the leg is missing but
it's uh quite decent so what I'm going
to do here is I'm just going
to extend the foot a bit
here
otherwise I'm pretty happy so what I'm
going to do is I'm going
to remove
these fix some minor detail
maybe I think could be
better and then we
can use this new
one generate again now that I'm a bit
more happy with the uh output I will
increase the in image strength a bit
more because I want even smaller
changes
and uh
yeah let's do a new
layer
okay
quite
nice so let's delete the old
one and then we have one image left so
what we can do here is that if we start
from here instead we will be using and
then we can
uh remove the in paining from these so
we won't be changing our the images we
just generated we only changing the
uh the last frame in the
animation what we can also do is we can
inpaint a part of the image if you feel
like ah this could be better so maybe we
actually see like ah this this foot
right here I think the the model could
do a bit better so I'm going to inpaint
that and then you can see here in the um
images so the foot here will be changed
and this whole image will be
changed and I'm going to lower the
strength a bit maybe to 300 because it
worked
before and yeah let's uh let's do
it so here we expect to see changes in
the
foot and you can see some
changes
most I don't know if I think it's better
and then here you can see uh lots of
changes
okay uh let's delete
this this and
this okay all right let's
just take a look and see what it looks
like all
right looking quite
decent but it seems like these arms are
uh are a bit
too same we want this arm to be behind
and this arm to be
forward so to fix
this I still want this foot to be better
so I'm going to keep in pinning there
I'm also going to in paint uh the
arms
so in this
case might be good to
uh change a bit in the uh in the init
image here just to help the model a
bit so for
that
I
imagine we would
uh probably
have this
arm
somewhere just going to think about
this yeah so this arm should be
somewhere around this area I
think and this arm will be roughly about
here but
we want it to
be in the
background so maybe if we change the
color here and
then make this part
brighter the model might have a better
idea what's in front and like
behind all
right and for this you probably don't
want to remake the whole image but in
instead we probably just want
to give this guy a bit more
uh
thickness it's a bit thin at the moment
so we could probably
just fix that a bit uh this could
probably a bit darker
[Music]
color and then we will in paint
everything that we
changed oh yeah I should probably have a
a bit health the neck as well so let's
uh let's help him out a
bit
okay
maybe that's actually a better
color yeah
okay
Let's
uh generate again and for this we're
kind of happy with what's underneath so
we are will increase the init image
strength because we don't want to change
too
much
all right you got
a pretty happy with this
generation I got a bit
better so let's
just fix it
slightly move the alpha
artifacts
um pretty
good got some more artifacts here so
let's just remove
that
maybe give him a bit
more to his
back maybe just do some
small small edits small improvements
always
nice then we
can once more generate the P
this yes to get that Finishing
Touch
then we should be pretty much done
here uh yeah
let's let's do that and then we can
increase the Inner Strength even more
because we're even happier with what's
underneath and yeah hopefully this will
will be
our
last
generation uh I think I'm just going
to see if I can uh grab this foot
instead because it's uh a bit better
looking and maybe it will look too uh
similar we will see all
right
nice
you can I think arguably you could use
in painting here to fix the last part of
the the hair oh never mind it was fixed
actually it was just the old
layer okay
cool yeah I gu you can do some small
cleanups but yeah I think
this this is
good can of course spend even more time
improving on this and you can do more
frames as
well but I believe this
is is a good starting
point all right thank you for watching
and I hope you uh can use this in your
future generations to create some
amazing
animation all right see
you